docs(flutter): Document Flutter web limitations (#10474)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/flutter/features/index.mdx

    - as well as `http` with the [Dart SDK](/platforms/dart/).
- Integrations for sqflite, routing and more. For a complete list, see our [integrations list](/platforms/flutter/integrations/).
- [Release Health](/product/releases/health/) tracks crash free users and sessions.

**Web Limitations:**

> Sentry has limited support for Flutter Web, but there are several limitations compared with mobile platforms:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry has support for Flutter Web, but there are several limitations compared with mobile platforms:
```

> Sentry has limited support for Flutter Web, but there are several limitations compared with mobile platforms:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sentry supports Flutter Web as well, with the following limitations:
```

> - Issue titles are not human readable, as they show the minified name.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Issue titles are not human-readable, as they show the minified name.
```

> - Stack traces are not symbolicated when compiling using WebAssembly (WASM).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Stack traces are not symbolicated when compiled using WebAssembly (WASM).
```

> - Stack traces are not symbolicated when compiling using WASM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Stack traces are not symbolicated when compiling using WebAssembly (WASM).
```

> - Stack traces are not symbolicated when loaded as a Chrome extension.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Stack traces are not symbolicated when loaded as a browser extension.
```

> - No offline caching for exceptions

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Offline caching is not supported for exceptions.
```

> - No support for [Release Health](/product/releases/health/)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [Release Health](/product/releases/health/) is not supported.
```

> - Device context data is not as rich as on mobile

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Device context data is not as rich on web as it is on mobile.
```
